README.md, before:

# Ecological Forecasting Initiative (EFI) and U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) River Chlorophyll Forecasting Challenge

The following elements of a forecasting challenge workflow are included in this repo.  The GitHub Actions are the tool for automating the tasks.

1) Generation of targets
3) Processing of submissions
4) Download of weather drivers for forecasts
5) Generation of baseline forecasts
6) Evaluation (scoring) of submitted forecasts
7) Generation of dashboard
8) Generation of catalog
9) Creation of Docker containers with supporting software
10) Creation of archive/snapshots of challenge submissions and targets.

See [https://doi.org/10.1002/fee.2616](https://doi.org/10.1002/fee.2616) for more information on the structure of a forecasting challenge, using the NEON forecasting challenge as the example. 

Supported by the U.S. National Science Foundation grants (DEB-1926388 and OAC-2209866)

## Disclaimer
Although this software program has been used by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), no warranty, expressed or implied, is made by the USGS or the U.S. Government as to the accuracy and functioning of the program and related program material nor shall the fact of distribution constitute any such warranty, and no responsibility is assumed by the USGS in connection therewith.
This software is provided “AS IS.”

## License Disclaimer 
As a government employee, the contributions from Jacob Zwart to this repository are in the public domain.

Commit message:

more explicit with mixed license

README.md, after:

# Ecological Forecasting Initiative (EFI) and U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) River Chlorophyll Forecasting Challenge

The following elements of a forecasting challenge workflow are included in this repo.  The GitHub Actions are the tool for automating the tasks.

1) Generation of targets
3) Processing of submissions
4) Download of weather drivers for forecasts
5) Generation of baseline forecasts
6) Evaluation (scoring) of submitted forecasts
7) Generation of dashboard
8) Generation of catalog
9) Creation of Docker containers with supporting software
10) Creation of archive/snapshots of challenge submissions and targets.

See [https://doi.org/10.1002/fee.2616](https://doi.org/10.1002/fee.2616) for more information on the structure of a forecasting challenge, using the NEON forecasting challenge as the example. 

Supported by the U.S. National Science Foundation grants (DEB-1926388 and OAC-2209866)

## Disclaimer
Although this software program has been used by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), no warranty, expressed or implied, is made by the USGS or the U.S. Government as to the accuracy and functioning of the program and related program material nor shall the fact of distribution constitute any such warranty, and no responsibility is assumed by the USGS in connection therewith.
This software is provided “AS IS.”

## License Disclaimer 
As a government employee, the contributions from Jacob Zwart to this repository are in the public domain. Refer to the mixed [LICENSE](https://github.com/eco4cast/usgsrc4cast-ci/blob/main/LICENSE) for further details.
